U
note hi
Really yes Leadership
Here's the last declaration.
Mother. Mother died.
Immediately after completing the decade, the man and the woman, and he was undoubtedly unidentified.
I do not think there 's a four-character lecture next to the scale .
There will be an untimely death.
It was confirmed that the limb is reported death from infection in a hospital in Seoul
Could it be the cervical vertebrae ?
I do not know anything about this hospital.
Dead hospital patients are sick, I mean, it could have been under separate
Okay , let's go.
I did not say anything about the other side of the room.
Come into the house, and the fact
What is this all about?
A few days ago, the charterers came in and asked for a loophole.
Can you see me at a moment that the library would like to see the patient list
There's nothing here.
I have something on the computer n thesis some comfort and science site
What is this?
In other words
a Research on human infection is unreasonable.
The most recent data have to download a week last day desert Baby
Hospital was possible to know c
A group of wigs has more than 10 people infected with hair .
Give me time to 4:00 and then present a uniformly Vivien La Martina parts
But not everywhere What if my test group at 1-dong doengeot four joint
Wrapped 4
Do not you
Oh, oh.
Do not come near.
Ah lead
won
Special weapon is a genius on the side.
The patients found so far are two modules . They're taken to another hospital.
I'm checking to see if
Oh, wait a minute.
Especially mainly 8
Lead er
Lucy, let's get a couple of us here .
And composition
I'll cut the color.
Tea also take place as husband contact Mr. Example 4
Nothing's wrong. No.
One must come Treatment 4
Yes, what is it?
Athena must reach before allowing air to clear
In front of me.
So again , cool off.
Do pigs without doing without the prior
I have to exchange ignorance and terrorize
By address
So no conclusion here
Sleeping industrial bicycle 4
Why indeed
Look more
It happened in a residential area in Gyeonggi-dong today.
1 Acceleration 4 people are being sent to the hospital of death
Among known that these infections occurred in the entire family Yiwu yeoreomyeong month
The disease management headquarters has not yet clarified what is going on.
The residents are continuing their suspicions.
I will
Check strive Mr. Choi Tae Oh is important to me so bright for the prosecution of death
If detection was going to be a crude brick tone infections are incognito wholesale
Control issues
Boss, I need you to come over here .
I hit something.
What is a bank cd cdc screen with a gradient
5 that person
What earlier geurigu've Come
That man yogeo
Purcell is a big guy.
Right at least he's been in the column .
I'm immune to the virus covered if you have antibodies You'll also capable core
I do not know how to jump
1 You can see if it's a song
Ll make a side that has one
Anyway, this is not a dangerous person or cleanser
Be sure to find a living being must